Integration of SQ in GH action (#1)
sc-sq-c-family-examples/windows-cmake-gh-actions-sq: README.adoc

= C++ example project scanned on SonarQube using GitHub Actions

It is very easy to analyze a C/C++/Objective-C project with SonarQube:

. Create a `sonar-project.properties` file to store your configuration
. In your `.github/workflows/build.yml` file:

> .. Set the environment variable `SONAR_SERVER_URL` to your server url (eg: http://localhost:9000)

Reviewer: this example is not realistic.
If the analysis runs on the github servers, there won't be sonarqube running on localhost.
```suggestion
.. Set the environment variable `SONAR_SERVER_URL` to your server url (e.g.: https://example.com:9000)
```
